Web Portfolio Reflection: 
The Web Portfolio is not only for the assignment, it can be used for my actual portfolio pieces. How I created my portfolio site, I started by using HTML. The HTML part is obviously the easiest because I just have to code what you will see or what is displayed on the website. Then the CSS part for styling the pages. The CSS part is my favourite as I prefer it more than bootstrap, in styling I like to do everything manually.  All pages will have the same header with the logo on the left, the nav is space equal on the navbar. Every page will have the same banner, and footer as well. If anything can be used on every page, I will just copy and paste because there is no difference. About Page: The about page is the page that talks about me. On mobile, everything is displayed in a column. As you make it bigger it will display in like a grid (I did not use grids). I make the image float to the left and the text on the right. Portfolio page, on mobile everything displays on a column, as you go bigger it will be like a grid as I used the grid to structure them. Contact page, I used bootstrap for the contact page, I add an image that will only display on the tablet screen and not in the rest. There were some issues on the contact page as when I used to bootstrap the navbar changed and I couldn’t fix using CSS because it changed the other pages so I leave it as is. Since every screen is different it will be hard to know what screen size is correct. I will just assume that looking at the media query chart, it will say from the minimum screen I assume that I will make it around that size for mobile. For tablets, I will use somewhere around 768px since that is the minimum size of the tablet screen. For the desktop screen, I will assume that
it is 1024px, so I will create everything around that area. Once again, we all have different screens. One of the issues for me is using only one style sheet. The other issue is also me not having motivation. When I think about how much it is worth, and think I won't do well, it makes me so nervous and thinks it will be hard to do it.